Your Highness, at first sight, strength depends on whole body coordination
Especially true qi from Dantian
This martial arts practice is so happy
Xiao Ning, the cruel fairy who kills like a horse
But only gentle to me
Your Highness, your mind has wandered again.
I was just thinking about business
Yesterday Yang Xue confessed
It is said that Princess Su is the backer of Iwamatsu
This Princess Su is in the palace
She has always been a famous concubine
And the emperor liked it
Auspicious reputation
And now the third prince's adoptive mother
If so
Then we're really not easy to deal with
I have asked Xiao Guizi to invite him.
This Princess Su?
Show me love on the surface on weekdays
Today, I want to see the inside of his stomach
How many conspiracies are there?
Your Highness, Princess Su said that he was not available
Let you go and see him as an elder yourself
He also dares to defy His Highness' secret
might as well
If not, I will let him come to see me in person
Give this to the summer
Tell him the time has come
Let him lead the way
Yan Yingying is
Baby, that Qin Xiu is a ruthless person
It really kills
Then my Yan family will be doomed
But I, Princess Qin, took action to save people
trivial matter
I am his elder in Qin Xiu's famous doctor
Let me speak
Naturally, you have to let him go obediently